### Can I use OTClient for commercial purposes?
Yes, you can! OTClient is made available under the MIT license, thus this means that you can do whatever you want, commercial, non-commercial, closed or open. You are only required to distribute your customized OTClient included with a copy of the license copyright notice, located in the repository in the file named LICENSE.

### Can you provide a way to hide all module scripts?
Unfortunately this is something that the OTClient developers are **NOT** going to be working on. Otclient is an opensource project, it's goal for the project is to get every developer or even players that uses it helping out the project, with contribution from everyone we can achieve a great client for everyone, not just for you. We are of the opinion that taking a whole project made by hours of work from other people then wanting to hide it all is kind of rude and pointless, you would be hiding 99% of our open source work which is already out there. We give an amazing client for free and it's fair to deserve something back from you and the community. What we want is contributions and you can do these in two ways, directly in our codebase or by customizing the client for your server while the changes is visible then the main project could benefit from these changes. So the fact that you can't hide the code is a good thing for this project goal, we would like to keep that way, so we discourage any change or help that could lock down the otclient scripts. I am not saying that you can't, just saying this is "forbidden" for us.